Note that invited members need SSO access (#561)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/org/members.mdx

**Org Admin**s can invite individual members by email address from your organization's Members tab in [Apollo Studio](https://studio.apollographql.com). Organization admins can also create a persistent **invite link** from the organization's Settings tab, which can be used to invite any number of members. Using either method, an org admin can specify which role a new member receives.

> ⚠️ **Notes**  

> > - If your organization uses an identity provider (IdP) for single sign-on (SSO), before inviting an individual member, verify that the member can log in to Studio via your SSO provider.

Reviewer: This is what I understood needs to happen from the convo:

```suggestion
> - If your organization uses an identity provider (IdP) for single sign-on (SSO), ensure that any members you want to invite have access to GraphOS Studio in your IdP. For example, with Okta, you need to [assign](./sso/okta-integration-guide#assign-users-in-okta) members to your GraphOS Studio integration to give them access.
```

Reviewer 2: That seems correct. I may change `you need` with `you may need` since it is optional in most cases, but beyond that it's correct to my understanding. Let me flag this to Astro and get their thoughts
